Worrigee Links Golf Course Hole by Hole Guide 
The 1st is a reachable-in-two par 5. From the back tee, its 220m to 
reach the cluster of 3 round bunkers (195m from whites). Longer 
hitters can go straight over them to a nice landing area with no real 
trouble. The 2nd shot is 180m or less from here, and you can run it up 
onto the narrow green, but the entrance is narrow, guarded by 
bunkers either side. The green itself it a slut with putts going off the 
back or the wind blowing the ball off the green. 
The 2nd is a cunt of a par 3. Its long and if the wind is up, hitting the 
green is damn near impossible. From the back, can play 185m to the 
front. This hole can play anything from a 7 iron to a 3 wood. The only 
bunker is a deep one so, avoid it. Good luck…might only have 5 or 6 
guys hit this fucking green all weekend. 
The 3rd is a slight dog-leg left. If the back tees are in play, the small 
fairway bunker on the left edge is just under 200m from the tee box. 
If tee is in front of the pond, bunker not in play. From the back, only 
a massive 300m drive will get you to the font edge, but you will need 
wind in your back. Best to hit your drive to a nice wide area beyond 
the fairway bunker. From here, it’s a simple chip onto the green, that 
you will blade into the cow paddock beyond as you seeth with rage. 
On the 4th, the big hitters are going to want to go for this green, wind 
permitting. Front of green off elevated tee is between 255m and 
265m. 2 bunkers punish the drive that is short and right (about 75% 
of the field). And to the right of the green is a thick wood. End up in 
there and you’re fucked, might as well dig yourself a shallow grave. 
Also, there’s water all the way down the left side of the fairway, 
which is where The Cock’s hat and sunnies ended up last time when 
a sudden gust of wind made everyone’s day. 
The 5th is a par 4 with OB all the way down the left. There is a deep 
pot centre of fairway which is 265m or 235m off the tee (depending 
on tee.) Good option is to leave your drive short of this bunker with 
only a wedge or short iron into a well-guarded green. Also, the last 
chance to take a shit so keep that in mind before moving to next 
hole. 
The 6th, a short par 3 is tougher than it looks, especially if the wind is 
up. Depending on tee position, can play 150m to 165m.You can’t see 
it from tee, but over the back of the green feeds downhill to a pond. 
If you’re going to miss, miss short which will provide a great 
opportunity to thin your chip over the back into said pond. 
The 7th is a sweeping par 5 that hugs a massive swamp. Probably 5 or 
6 beers in by now so you will be tempted to take on the marshland 
because you are an idiot. From the back elevated tee, its 195m to 
reach the bunkers on the left side of fairway and 220m to clear them.  
Anything over 265m will put you in the far bunkers or behind that big 
fucking tree. If you are Dan Sullivan or Budsey, and wind permits; 
take a line just left of the big tree. A carry of 255m will clear the 
swamp and leave you a clear 2nd shot in. For the rest of us, take a 
long iron or fairway wood and drive right of the 2 bunkers to a 
generous landing area. If the Troll has driven his cart into the swamp, 
wave as you go past. 
The 8th is a straightforward par 3 that despite its apparent simplicity, 
you will still wipe. The green is quite deep so take note of pin 
position when selecting club.  
The 9th is a great hole to finish the front. Real strategy needs to be 
made before teeing off but once you have decided on your strategy, 
step up to the tee and hook it onto the road. With three very 
different tee boxes and wind a real possibility, a par here is as good 
as you can hope for but most of us will wipe this one also. From the 
back, 240m+ will put you in the creek or the 2 fairway bunkers 
beyond, so try to lay up with a tee shot of about 200m. From the 
centre tee box, you can clear the creek and bunkers with a drive of 
245m or more. 
The 10th is a straightforward short par 4 which won’t make a rats
arse of difference because by now, your round is shot. If the tee is at 
the front and/or wind behind you, this green can be reached off the 
tee. No real trouble to speak of other than 2 pot bunkers 190m from 
the white or 215m from the back. 
The 11th is wide open and the scene of one of the longest drive holes. 
Not much trouble to speak of but try not to spray it right and end up 
on the steep grassy bank. You will have a shitty lie from there. Also, if 
you can hit it a long way, be sure to hit up on group in front who 
won’t see it coming from the blind tee box. 
The 12th is a straightforward par 3. There’s OB to the left and short, 
and some thick bushes if you are long, but not too much to stress 
over. By now, The Troll has called himself an ambulance. 
The 13th is another reachable par 4. Problem with this one is OB all 
the way down the left side and a pond if you are long. The safe play 
is to pick your 200m club off the tee. But you will take driver and will 
duff your drive trying to hit it too hard because you are drunk. 
The 14th is straight forward so long as the wind isn’t blowing, which it 
is. At about 80kmph by now. With OB down the left and water down 
the right, you’re basically toast. 
The 15th is a beautiful hole, or it would be if you could see. At just 
over 240m it’s a reachable par 4 for good golfers, but not you. Its 
only 120m to clear the pond, but McBain will end up in there again.  
The 16th is another shortish par 4. But you are so drunk by now, that 
a savage hook into the lake is almost assured. 
The 17th is a short par 3. Grab a wedge, try and make your only par 
for the day and get on with your life. 
The 18th is a hole that has provided much confusion in the past. 
Don’t be a fuckwit and hit your approach to the wrong green like we 
did in 2017. As you empty your cart of rubbish, keep an eye out for 
Muzzman’s car keys. 